
'ALGORON GLADIATOR LEAGUE' AGL
ALGORON GLADIATOR LEAGUE (AGL)

The Gladiator League of Algoron is a combat based league for spectators from
around the four continents.  The League's owner, Baron Randorf Del'nichi,
has taken bids from Kingdoms on where to host this new league.  Althainia
has won the bidding for 225 jeweled eggs.

The gladiator league is unique, as all world championship matches are to the
death (perm death).  Normal matches, other championship matches and
tournaments are not permanent death.  If someone can remain the champion
long enough, there are many perks to being champion.  Champions not only
make a kingdoms fortune for matches won, but they also get to reside in a
large expensive mansion equipped with their own servants, stables and
portals.  They get to choose their own mounts among many other pampered
offerings.  Instant popularity will surround the Algoron champion.  All
champions throughout history will be forever remembered by a solid gold
stature of their image in the Hall of Champions.  Since all championship
fights are potentially to the death, only the bravest and most talented
fighters enter into a championship match.

If a champion wins 10 title matches, the champion will be allowe to retire
as the Champion, unharmed, if they choose to.  This applies even after they
lose.  In other words, if they have 10 successful title defense and THEN
lose, they can not be killed.

In a championship match, the losers fate will be up to the Victor.  The
winner can also pass judgement to Randorf.  If the loser is spared, he will
be branded with the sign of the AGL and would then be booted from the AGL
for life.

AGL RULES:

Fan Rules from the Arena and Quest Channel -

Always remain 100% IC while in the arena stands or on the Quest channel
during an event.  This will be enforced.  This means, of course, no turning
Role-Play into fighting mechanics.  Example: "Use Bash!  The stun effect
will keep him from casting!"  Or "Ambush sucks, quit using it".  Use your
brains, there are much better ways to describe the same thing while staying
in character.  Example: "Bash the mage, it should prevent him from casting
spells on you as easily!"  Or "Your ambush tactics are not going to allow
you win!"  As long as the "fans" stay in character, it is encouraged to yell
advice, location, or support for the gladiator you are rooting for.

There will be no PKILLING, PSTEALING, POURING, or unnessary spam while in
the arena stands.  Doing so will gain you a dork, sometimes instantly.

NOTE: IF the AGL flag is on, there is to be no killing in the arena stands.
IF it is off, the arena stands are open to PK.


Rules for Gladiators -

You must spell yourself up with your own spells or from any potion you can
carry into the preparation room.  Remember to come to the fight unspelled to
save time.  There can be no usage of frog gourds during a fight, except for
on yourself and that is only as long as you do not turn into a frog (the
frog effect must fail).  Remain in the Preparation room until you get the
'GO' message.

As a Gladiator, you may NOT be grouped with any in the stands during an AGL
event.

You may NOT use any item that you did not bring into the Arena (including
the prep rooms) yourself.

Mounts and Charmies - You can NOT summon mounts, charmies or other mobs into
the preparation room.  All mounts and charmies MUST be obtained after you
enter the arena.  This means you may not pre-charm.

CONJURED mounts of any type may only be made inside of the arena, all other
mounts from other places CANNOT be pre-charmed or charmed and they MUST ONLY
be brought over to where the arena is by YOU, no one else.

You may NOT pre-gear mobs to be used in AGL.  This means you may not give
charmies equipment (EQ) prior to summoning them into the arena.

You may not heel a mount into the arena at any time.

Mobs - You may NOT pre-gear mobs to be used in AGL.  This means you may not
give charmies equipment (EQ) prior to summoning them into the arena.

Hiding - You can get only ONE warning for excessive nondetection/hiding.
The next warning will be a disqualification.

Healing - You may NOT use healing potions or scrolls or heal from any other
means besides your own spells and vampiric weapons.

Stealing - All stolen weapons or equipment will not be forced to be
returned.

Quest Potions - ALL quest potions are ILLEGAL in the arena.  No exceptions.
Should you use one, you will be frozen and your opponent restored so that
they get the win over you.

Consumables - You may not use ANY eatable item that has spell effects once
out of the preparation room.  Poisoned food items are legal.  This means no
pill items, which means no mashes.

Scrolls - You may NOT use the scrolls of immortality in AGL fights.

Gourds - Empath Gourds, Poultice Gourds, Healing Gourds (in General), Frog
Gourds (regardless of who they land on) are ILLEGAL.  Withstand Gourds
are LEGAL.

If you are caught doing anything less than trying to win, especially for the
sake of taking a dive to avoid getting a title shot or allowing another to
win alot of eggs at the betting window, you will be KILLED (and yes, this
means for good).


AGL Championships and Payouts -

There are currently 4 Singles Division Championships.  Listed below is a
list of each and the payout a Gladiator receives for defending the title(s).

All money are combined for match payouts.

So if the #1 Contender fights the #5 Contender, the match pays the winner:
40 eggs.  Title match payouts are also on top of any ranking money.

World Championship      - 200 Eggs
Althainian Championship -  50 Eggs
Crown Championship      -  20 Eggs
Blade Championship      -  20 Eggs

Ranked Payouts -

 #1 - 25 eggs
 #2 - 20 eggs
 #3 - 15 eggs
 #4 - 15 eggs
 #5 - 15 eggs
 #6 - 10 eggs
 #7 - 10 eggs
 #8 - 10 eggs
 #9 -  5 eggs
#10 -  5 eggs

Also, the winner of any UNRANKED non-title bout will win 1 egg.


SEE ALSO:  AGLBET

UPDATED:  01.06.2025
