ALIGNMENT ETHOS LAWFUL CHAOTIC NEUTRAL
ALIGNMENT ETHOS LAWFUL CHAOTIC NEUTRAL

LAWFUL GOOD:

Characters of this alignment believe that an orderly, strong society with a
well-organized government can work to make life better for the majority of
the people.  To ensure the quality of life, laws must be created and obeyed.
When people respect the laws and try to help one another, society as a whole
prospers.  Therefore, lawful good characters strive for those things that
will bring the greatest benefit to the most people and cause the least harm.


LAWFUL NEUTRAL:

Order and organization are of a paramount importance to characters of this
alignment.  They believe in a strong well-ordered government, whether that
government is a tyranny or benevolent democracy.  The benefits of
organization and regimentation outweigh any moral questions raised by their
actions.

LAWFUL EVIL:

These characters believe in using society and its laws to benefit
themselves.  Structure and organization elevate those who deserve to rule as
well as provide a clearly defined hierarchy between master and servant.  To
this end, lawful evil characters support laws and societies that protect
their own concerns.  If someone is hurt or suffers because of a law that
benefits lawful evil characters, too bad.  Lawful evil characters obey laws
out of fear of punishment.

NEUTRAL GOOD:

These characters believe that a balance of forces is important, but that the
concerns of law and chaos do not moderate the need for good.  Since the
universe is vast and contains many creatures striving for different goals, a
determined pursuit of good will not upset the balance; it may even maintain
it.  If fostering good means supporting organized society, then that is what
must be done.  If good can only come about through the overthrow of existing
social order, so be it.  Social structure itself has no innate value to
them.

TRUE NEUTRAL:

True neutral characters believe in the ultimate balance of forces, and they
refuse to see actions as either good or evil.  Since the majority of people
in the world make judgments, true neutral characters are extremely rare.
True neutrals do their best to avoid siding with the forces of either good
or evil, law or chaos.  It is their duty to see that all of these forces
remain in balanced contention.

NEUTRAL EVIL:

Neutral evil characters are primarily concerned with themselves and their
own advancement.  They have no particular objection to working with others
or, for the matter, going it on their own.  Their only interest is in
getting ahead.  If there is a quick and easy way to gain a profit, whether
it be legal, questionable, or obviously illegal, they take advantage of it.
Although neutral evil characters do not have the every-man-for-himself
attitude of chaotic characters, they have no qualms about betraying their
friends and companions for personal gain.  They typically base their
allegiance on power and money.

CHAOTIC GOOD:

Chaotic good characters are strong individuals marked by a streak of
kindness and benevolence.  They believe in all the virtues of goodness and
right, but they have little use for laws and regulations.  They have no use
for people who 'try to push folk around and tell them what to do.  ' Their
actions are guided by their own moral compass which, although good, may not
always be in perfect agreement with the rest of society.

CHAOTIC NEUTRAL:

Chaotic neutral characters believe that there is no order to anything,
including their own actions.  With this as a guiding principle, they tend to
follow whatever whim strikes them at that moment.  Good and evil are
irrelevant when making a decision.  Chaotic neutral characters are extremely
difficult to deal with.  They are almost totally unreliable.  In fact, the
only reliable thing about them is that they cannot be relied upon!

CHAOTIC EVIL:

These characters are the bane of all that is good and organized.  Chaotic
evil characters are motivated by the desire for personal gain and pleasure.
They see absolutely nothing wrong with taking whatever they want by whatever
means possible.  Laws and governments are the tools of weaklings unable to
fend for themselves.  The strong have the right to take what they want, and
the weak are there to be exploited.  When chaotic evil characters band
together, they are not motivated by a desire to cooperate, but rather oppose
powerful enemies.  Such a group can be held together only by a strong leader
capable of bullying his underlings into obedience.  Since leadership is
based on raw power, a leader is likely to be replaced at the first sign of
weakness by anyone who can take his position away from him by any method.

NOTE: Your ethos has no bearing on the RULES.  Every player on DSL MUST obey
ALL the rules at ALL times.


SEE ALSO:  RULES
