CARDGAME
cardgame

Cardgames are played in a room with a card table.  There is no
fighting allowed in rooms with a card table.  All games are logged
and can be monitored.  The cardgame command has several valid
arguments.  All of the following arguments may be used with the syntax
'cardgame <argument>'.

Arguments:
list - Displays a list of cardgames.
prompt - Displays your current cardgame prompt or changes your prompt.
example:  prompt Position: %P Stack: %C Pocket: %H  Board: %c Pot: %p
status - Displays the current status of the game.
setup - Starts the process of creating a cardgame.
join - Allows you to join a cardgame that has been setup.
leave - Allows you to leave the cardgame you are playing.
invite - Allows you to invite specific players to a private game.
start - Starts the cardgame.

Setting up a game:
If at any point during the setup you would like to cancel you can type
'exit'.  From there it will prompt you with many choices for the type
of game you want to create.

Public/Private - A public game is available to anyone.  In a private
                 game you have to invite each player individually
                 before they can join.

Game Type - Currently Nexus Holdem is the only game available.

Game Style - Cash games allow people to come and go as they like buying
             in and cashing out at any time.  Freezeout games are played
             to the last man standing (Tournament Style).

Blind Timer - For freezeout games the blinds will increase at a regular
              interval to ensure the game comes to an end.  The default
              and maximum value is every 15 minutes.  You can make it as
              often as every 3 minutes.

Stakes - The stakes can be gold or blues.  So if the stakes are gold
         then all bets are made in gold.  If they stakes are blues then
         all bets are made in blues.

Bets - The bets for a game determine the blinds.  They can be 1/2, 2/4,
       5/10, 10/20, 20/40, and 50/100.  The bets also determine the
       default buyin amount.  The default buyin is 50 times the big blind.
       With the combination of stakes and bets a game can be made to fit
       almost any budget.  For example if the stakes are gold and the
       blinds are 1/2, the default buyin will be 100 gold.  The small
       blind will be 1 and the big blind will be 2.

Buyin - The default buyin can be increased if you wish.  The maximum
        buyin is 30000.

Bet Limit - The bet limit can be set to 0 for no limit poker.  That
            means you can bet up to the amount of your current chipstack.
            The bet limit can be set to almost anything.  It must be at
            least as much as the ante or the big blind.  The largest
            amount it can be set to is 32000.

Action Time Limit - The choices here are 20, 40, or 60 second.  That
                    means once it is your turn you have 20, 40, or 60
                    seconds to make your play.

Playing a game:
Players will be folded and booted if they are LD when the action
gets to them.

If the action is not on you.  (It isn't your turn.)  You can use any
normal  commands.  If the action is on you then you have a short
list of commands available to you:

Check - If there hasn't been a bet then you can check and pass the
        action without betting or folding.

Bet - If there hasn't been a bet then you can start the betting.

Call - If there has been a bet you can match the bet and stay in the
       hand.

Raise - If there has been a bet you can raise the bet.  There can
        only be 3 raises on any betting round.  If the bet is 2
        and you raise 5 the new bet becomes 7.

Fold - You can fold at any time.  This takes you out of the current
       hand.

Status - This shows you the current status of the game.

See also: 'NEXUS HOLDEM'
