charmies charmed beings creatures mobs
CHARMIES

A variety of classes and reclasses have the ability to summon their own
charmed beings, spirits, etc.  Into Algoron and a variety of other classes
that have the charm spell to call creatures to them to do their bidding.  If
it is in your control, it does your bidding or you can work through it to
otherwise manipulate a normal situation, these rules apply.

As this is a powerful set of spells, in either situation, there are some
rules to follow when using either.  Please also refer to HELP CHARM PERSON
as this provides a list of actions that are illegal to order players and
charmies to do.

The illegal nature of these are in old news notes but now consolidated in
the helpfile.

It is illegal to do the following with any charmed creature:

1.  Using charmies or other assisting mobs to bypass the mobprog code in
order to keep mobs from triggering their progs and hitting you while you
kill them.  Assist functions and attack limits were not designed for this.
This has been used a lot in the UW as well as with other end game mobs.
Don't do it.

2.  Set your charmed being or army upon a mob to fight or farm items and
then leave while the fight is going on.  YOU need to remain with your
charmie(s) ALL THE TIME.  If you need to leave, dismiss it/them FIRST.  This
includes initiating on a mob and nofollowing it.

3.  Setting charmies upon keeps/keep lords that you own to prevent others
from taking the keep.

4.  Using your charmed mob to rescue a non charmed mob that someone else is
fighting.

5.  Using charmies, including thief/scavenger mobs, to purposely destroy or
loot from other players.

6.  Leaving aggressive mobs in public areas such as kingdoms, churches,
shops, taverns or on well traveled pathways, such as recall spots, newbie
areas like the gray church or outside popular leveling areas.

7.  Shaman spirits - There are mobs in the game that were created before
shaman with immune physical and magical attributes.  These are illegal for a
shaman to use.

8.  Eldritch gryffons - These are intended for eldritch use only and should
not be created for other players to ride.

9.  Any other situation not specifically listed that would abuse the spirit
of the rules.


SEE ALSO: CHARM, RULES

Updated 12.11.2023
