  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

        Channels and Communication

    Think of channels as chat lines. You can speak to all people with the
      channel active. You can get a list of channels by typing channels.
      Type the name of the channel, then your message to speak over that
      channel. For example, you would type gossip Hello! to say
      "Hello!" over the gossip channel. You can turn a channel on or off
      by typing the name of the channel. Be sure to read the rules and
      know them well before using channels to prevent any trouble.

    Gossip - This channel is for In-Character (IC) conversation. This
      channel is for role-play (RP), so only speak on it as your character
      would speak. Before using IC channels, try doing some research on
      your race and class. This is extended in the roleplay section.
    CGossip - Clan Gossip is like the gossip channel, but is mainly
      reserved for clanners. This channel is IC.
    OOC - This is the Out Of Character channel. You can talk about
      anything that you, the player, want to talk about. Please use
      discretion and be tactful when using this channel.
    Auction - This channel is for auctioning off rare or hard-to-obtain
      items to other players. This channel is IC, but okay to use OOC
      stats.
    Q/A - Use this channel by typing ask and answer. This channel
      can be IC or OOC, depending on the nature of the question. Use it
      if you have trouble in the game.
    Quest - This channel serves various purposes. It can be used for
      Blood Baths (BB), trivia games, player-run quests, or imm-run
      quests. This channel can be IC or OOC.
    Grats - This channel is mostly for congratulations. Just deal your
      first red-damage attack? Gained a hard level? Finally hit level 51?
      Won the Nobel Peace Prize? Go ahead, share the joy and grat it.
      This channel is OOC or IC.
    Kingdom/Clan - If you are in a kingdom or a clan, use this channel to
      speak to your fellow kingdomers or clanners. This is an IC channel.
    OKingdom/OClan - This is the OOC counterpart for Kingdom/Clan.
    Say - Speak to the people in the same room as you.
    Yell - Broadcast a message to everyone in the same area as you. Use
      this channel sparingly as it can be obnoxious.
    Shout - Shout a message to over a few rooms from where you are.
    Tell - Send a private message to another player. Type tell (player)
      (message) to send the message. You can reply to messages sent
      to you by typing reply (message). Use this for all one-on-one
      conversations. It's rude to use public channels for private
      conversations.
    GTell - Use this to talk to people in your group. Form a group by
      typing follow (person) and asking them to group you. If someone
      is following you, type group (person) to put them into your
      group. The range for groups is 8 levels.
    Pray - This channel is to contact the immortal staff. Immortals
      (Imms) are the game operators. Read the rules on when to use this
      channel.

        Type HELP NEWBIE to return to the table of contents.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
