Clan Wars XIX

Storyline: Raije calls forth all of the Gods for a season of competition
that displays mortals skills, brawn, magic and faith.  All clans must enter
but only one can please their Gods when it's all said and done.  Chaos will
not enter.

Theme: One clan vs another each night.  The teams are all 51 and consist of
3 formats, a 1v1 match, a 2v2 NOT Tag match and an ACFL match
.  Clan Wars participants may only use spells or other
buffs that the group (the team) itself has.

Schedule: There are 7 weeks of competition, 21 matches in all.  The 4 clans
with the best records will qualify for the playoffs.  In the event of a tie,
preference will be given to the head-to-head winners of the regular season
match. Prestige required to participate is 50 hours.

Example: If Wargar and Shalonesti are both 11-10 and ranked 4th, whoever won
during the regular season will be statistically above the other.

(see help schedule for a detailed schedule)

Rules for 1v1 and 2v2:

MOUNTS - CONJURED mounts of any type may only be made inside of the arena,
all other mounts from other places CAN NOT be pre-charmed or charmed and they MUST ONLY
be brought over to where the arena is by YOU, no one else.

You can not summon mounts or charmies into the preparation room.  All mounts
and charmies MUST be gotten after you enter the arena.  You may not heel a
mount in the arena at any time.

You can get only ONE warning for excessive nondetection.  The next warning
will be a disqualification.

You may NOT use healing potions or scrolls or heal from any other means
besides your own spells and vampiric weapons.

All stolen weapons or equipment will not be forced to be returned.

There can be no usage of frog gourds during a fight.

You may not use ANY edible item that has spell effects once out of the
preparation room.  Poisoned food items are legal.  This means no pill items,
WHICH MEANS NO MASHES.

You may not use tobacco.  Besides, it stains your teeth.

You must spell yourself up with your own spells or from any potion you can
carry into the preparation room.

You may not use tornado spells, or any other means to transfer anyone out of
the arena.

GOURDS - empath gourds are illegal, poultice gourds are illegal,
healing gourds in general are illegal, withstand gourds are LEGAL.

(THE ACFL MATCH WILL INSTEAD USE CURRENT ACFL RULES)

You may NOT use Teal or Yellow potions in ANY match
