DEATH DIE DYING
DEATH DIE DYING

When your character dies, you are reincarnated as a ghost at the altar of
the temple of your chosen home town, or within your own clan hall.  Your
corpse is left behind in the room in which you were killed, along with all
of your equipment.

Any spells which were affecting you are cancelled by death.  Also, if you
were killed by another player, you will be affected by a form of death
illness after death.  Following and groups are not affected by death.

You lose experience points when you die.  The amount lost is on average
about two-thirds of the way back to the beginning of your level.

Corpses decay after time, and the objects upon the corpse fall onto the
floor of the room the corpse was in, where anyone may take them.  Typing
'get all corpse' will allow you to retrieve the items within your own
corpse.  If the player has noloot off, then the corpse is fair game for
others that may seek items from it.  When a corpse decays, mob items decay
with it.  Corpses last for about 30 hours of game time (approximately 15
minutes of real time) before decaying.

For an in character explanation about death:

Death is avoided in character by ghosting, which is a system the Gods set up
to protect mortals.  Besides, most Gods like combat and see it as sport and
would not want to run out of souls quickly due to it.

However, there are many ways one's protection is waived.

Self Permissible Death.  When a mortal agrees to a battle to true death, the
laws of ghosting will not protect them.  War.  In large scale battles, the
laws of ghosting will not protect the participants.  This was done long ago
in order to help sustain law and order.

Extreme cases of contempt.  This is said to be something many Assassin
guilds teach their advanced pupils, which is to kill with such contempt that
their target never ghost and thus end up int he afterlife.

Penalties of the Incarcerated.  This means that when a person has been
imprisoned by the highest of high mortal courts, the laws of ghosting will
sometimes "look the other way" when their executions are carried out.

Like most things the Gods have created and actually agreed upon, the system
is not entirely understandable by mortals.  But it is accepted.  After all,
what choice do they have?
