dsl event calendar
DSL EVENTS CALENDAR

A calendar of DSL events has been set up for both Imm planned and Player
planned events.  This is for all DSL events.

All leaders are granted editing permissions upon request.  Other players may
be granted editing permissions as well on a case by case situation.

For view only and editing permissions, you can add this calendar to your
'list' of calendars within Google and you can select to recieve
notifications for events.  Notifications default to email settings and for
new, changed and deleted/removed/canceled events.

NOTE: If other people have shared their calendars with you, you might see
more than your own name and the DSL Events Calendar.  The boxes next to each
name in your list will toggle a calendar on and off.  The more that you have
checked off, the more information you will see blended together on one
calendar.

Please send a note to Imm requesting calendar editing permissions.  Also
include your leadership role or if you are not a leader, the reason for your
request as well as your full email address.


Link to view and edit the DSL Event calendar:

https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=cm5jMDh0cXJtdWYxYmZ0YWhuMDY3NWpwODBAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvb
Q


To set up an event in the calendar:

Open google calendars at calendar.google.com to put in your event or click
on the link above as your permissions allow.  Make sure the DSL Events
Calendar is selected and that you have editing permissions and not view
only permissions.

Select the month and day you want to hold the event on.  Click on this to
open a small pop-up window that asks for title and time.

Mark it as an 'Event' - not task.

Click on 'Find a Time' to pick what time you want your event to start on and
when to end it.  Always make sure to check the time in game so that you are
setting up the correct time for your event.  It is easier to go with the

NOTE: The DSL Events calendar is default set to CST/System Time.  It is also
a good DSL Events calendar is default set to CST/System Time.  It is also a
good best practice to include the time in the title of your event.  IE: AGL
8:00 PM System.

On 'Add Description' - Add any need for Imm assistance or if you have
already spoken to an Imm about your event (recommended) then please include
the Imm name who is overseeing.  If you don't plan with an Imm prior to your
event and want Imm assistance and have it marked, we will try to accommodate
though it is not guaranteed.

Next to the 'Calendar Icon', make sure this is set to the DSL Events
Calendar and not your own private calendar.  This will add it to the DSL
Event calendar for everyone to see.  You can leave the rest as is.
Notifications default to 1 day prior to the event and 1 hour prior to the
event.  These can be adjusted as you set up an event.

Click 'Save' to save your event to the calendar.

Updated 04.10.2022
