dsl quests
DSL QUESTS

There are a lot of different types of quests within DSL that players can
participate in or be chosen to participate in.  Some quests are built into
the game as ways to navigate the game and different areas or to gain gold
and items, other quests are designed to be fun, quick interactions that
create an assortment of give and take scenarios between the Imm staff and
the players to include scavenger hunts, humorous storylines and 'kill the
beast' conquests while other quests are designed to take you on an epic
journey, either to help move the main storyline forward, as kingdom or clan
specific quests, as religion promotional quests or on an individual basis
for prestige.

Built in Quests -

These are quests that are built into the coding of DSL and include Quest
Master quests of either retrieving or hunting and other 'gather' quests like
the one that starts at Skarr.

Short-Term Player/Imm Interactive Quests -

These are quests that typically hold little to no consequence to involved
players or to the overarching storyline.  These quests are typically short
term in nature, averaging between an hour to many hours in length.  These
can include quest channel quests, holiday events, scavenger hunts, different
side storyline plots for atmosphere from intrigue to silly fun and 'kill 'em
all!  ' invasive creatures that sometimes just need to be pushed back to
where they came from!

Long-Term Player/Imm Interactive Quests -

While some of the quest types listed above can span for longer durations of
time, these types of quests are epic in design and can carry a risk/reward
factor.  Sometimes that risk/reward might be your player's life.  These
quests ALL carry the potential for perma death outcomes and every action is
weighed and measured to assist in determining the overall outcome.

Each of these quest types require thought, research, question asking and
common sense before you act.  You actions WILL carry consequences.
Sometimes good.  Sometimes bad.  Sometimes in the moment and sometimes in
the future or over time.  Some players will work toward their own end.  Some
will work toward the group.  ALL interactions are considered and depending
on the type of quest or design, there may be individual or group
consequences.  It is recommended that you think before you act and that you
look before you leap.  These are designed to challenge you as a player, to
test your characters resolve, test your knowledge of the game and to see how
you interact within the quest itself.

They will not always be quests where you are explicitly told what to do.
More often then not you will need to decipher different parts of the quest
to move on to the next step.  Again, these quests are designed to TEST you.

Main Storyline Quests:

These quests have the ability to change the landscape and history of DSL and
the land of Algoron.  These quests typically involve the Gods and Goddesses
and drive the direction of the overall roleplay in DSL.

Kingdom/Clan Quests:

These quests are on a smaller scale and typically will include one or two
kingdoms and/or clans to stir the pbase into action.  These quests can
include skirmishes with surrounding areas, invasions, murder mystery! ,
Wandering gypsies and so much more!  These can have consequences ranging
from perma death and maiming to demolished sections of a kingdom or clan to
removal of key mobs and items but can also include some fun rewards from
area additional, cache of treasure and much more!

Priest Promotions:

Early on priest ranks are easier to achieve and typically do not involve a
quest or would be a short-termed quest interaction.  The higher up in rank
you go, the harder it is to achieve rank and the latter ones are built
around pass/fail quests.  Priests can be demoted in rank or experience
lasting consequences if their philosophies do not align with the God or
Goddess they represent or if they fail too many promotional quests.
Promotions are NOT a guarantee and each one needs to be earned.  See help
priests for more information.

Prestige Quests:

These are individual quests designed to acknowledge someone with worldwide
prestige for their roleplay and their holistic impact to Algoron.  Players
can be nominated by any player or Imm based on their individual merit, their
impact on a local and worldwide stage and prestige hours.  They are also
players who have dedicated their time to a single organization of which they
are still a resident of and in good standing.  Having 1000 or more
prestige hours alone is not enough to earn you a quest and each name is
carefully considered before approval.  These are pass/fail quests and are
designed to challenge your character as an individual.  Loner, renegades
or any type of remort, unless an alterform, do not qualify.


SEE ALSO:  QUEST, PQUEST, QUESTTYPE, QUESTINFO, QUESTOPTIONS, ROLEPLAY,
           PRIEST, PRESTIGE

Updated 04.10.2022
