IMBUE
IMBUE SPELL
Syntax:  cast imbue <target>
         cast imbue
This spell allows clerics to increase the magic-casting abilities of themselves
(when used without a target) or any other target (when used with a target).
See also:  CLERICS
IMBUE FOR SPELLCRAFTERS
Imbuing is the process that fuses spellcrafted gems into crafted equipment.
All crafted equipment has a certain number of points and slots available
for gems to be imbued.  Each gem imbued into an item will fill at least one
slot sometimes more.  Once an items slots have been filled it can no longer
be modified by spellcrafters.  As stated each piece of crafted equipment
has a number of points to be imbues as well.  This differs form the number
of slots in a significant way.  As often as not a crafted item will be able
to endure more points that the limit listed here with one side affect.  The
process weakens the item and it will from that point on require its owners
life force to exist.

Standard Equipment Limits
-------------------------
Level   Slots   Points
-------------------------
 1-9      1       2
10-19     1       4
20-24     2       6
25-29     2       8
30-34     2       12
35-39     3       16
40-44     4       20
45-49     5       24
50-51     6       28

Only Legendary Grand Masters can imbue the more picky gems.  Specifically
the diamond gem of the magi is very fickle.  It cannot be placed next to
any other gem therefore it always takes up two slots.  The only other case
of specific gem placement occurs when two weapon enhancement gems are
placed on the same weapon.  There is only a small chance of success in this
case but it can happen.  The essences inside the gems conflict with each
other and must be placed in such a manner the two gems take up four slots.
When this does occur the weapon will suffer the same weakness as stated
above and will require its owners life force to exist.

Syntax: imbue <gem> <crafted item>
Syntax: imbue status <crafted item>

SEE ALSO:
SPELLCRAFTING GEM ESSENCE OVERCHARGE
