KSR CSR
KSR / CSR (Kingdom Special Reclass / Clan Special Reclass)

These are special reclasses for specific clans/kingdoms that have them.
They are for people that show dedication, loyalty, and the desire to be a
special elite of the clan/kingdom.


MINIMUM CRITERIA REQUIRED

Extensive RP (roleplay) is required to obtain these reclasses.

1.  200 prestige hours - this MUST be attained BEFORE you can even be
    considered for a CSR/KSR.  Clan/Kingdom leaders can set this higher
    as a clan/kingdom standard.

2.  You must display good, visible RP and perform ALL tasks set before you
    in order to earn the CSR/KSR.

3.  The tasks should not be things that can be achieved in 5 minutes, but
    should not be impossible to complete, nor take someone 6 months to
    complete a single task, unless its of their own cause.

    Tasks should be a mix of "achievements" and roleplay focused interactions.

4.  All notes, storynotes and Rp around the CSR tasks need to be addressed
    to IMM as well, so we are aware of the work being done.

NOTE:  If leaders are fast-tracking players through CSR/KSR's, minimizing tasks
and/or if a player does not complete tasks or cannot provide documentation
of their progress, the player will be shunned until it is done and the leader
may find themselves out of a job.  This includes using non-standard cards to
circumvent the CSR/KSR process.

5.  If there is a significant gap (2+ months) in a player completing tasks,
    such as taking a break, etc., then you may have to redo all CSR tasks or
    you can be denied from going through the process again.

LEADERS:  You are required to have a full and complete list of all CSR/KSR tasks
that are required and that is accessible to both players and Imms.  At minimum,
they should be on the forums.  Listed tasks do not need to spell out all
specifics but should have enough information to know the general topic.

Tasks assigned to players should be posted on the forums under the appropriate
kingdom/clan with a new topic for the player that lists their specific tasks.
Players should add their tasks to that same post, once completed.

You have the right to add additional tasks or amend the outlined tasks if a
player is not meeting expectations or if other interferences are preventing a
player from completing the task.  You also have the right to change your mind
and retract the CSR/KSR process from a player.

PLAYERS:  Just because you have 200 prestige hours, this does not mean you
are automatically granted the ability to get a CSR.  It is a reward, not a
given right to get.  It is up to the discretion of the clan/kingdom leaders
as to whether or not you are worthy of it.  With that being said, if you
believe you are being unjustly denied one, then speak to the Admin
department.


RETRAINING CSR/KSR

If you want to retrain your CSR/KSR, standard or non-standard, your
leader will have to contact their watcher/admin to discuss the retrain PRIOR
TO it happening, including requests to restore any earned prestige hours.
You will have to do some supporting RP in regards to the retrain.  It is
expected of you to RP and it must not take you months to do it.  A week at
best is the requirement.

If you take months, then you can expect to have to start all over again from
scratch to re-earn the CSR/KSR.

If you are wanting to change the CSR/KSR completely (for example: go from
singer to eldritch), then you have to do the RP as though you were brand new
going for the class.  It is expected of you to RP and to all tasks required
of a new person.  Do not assume that you will just be given the new class
because you had the other.


BE WARNED: IF you are going for a CSR/KSR and do tasks, then decided to
disappear for months on end, fully expect to have to re-do all the tasks.
You are not automatically allowed to get the CSR/KSR.  You HAVE to start
over from the very beginning of the process.

It is highly suggested that you keep full records of your RP, storynotes,
notes, etc.  It is the proof of your work, without it, we will come down on
you and the reclasser and will deny your reclassing.

RP IS EVERYTHING in obtaining a CSR/KSR, not just the tasks!


SEE ALSO:  RECLASS, PRESTIGE, SUPERVOUCHER

Updated 08.24.2022
