MUTINY
MUTINY - CLANS

These are the current mutiny rules for Clans.  Keep in mind after a mutiny,
the leader typically can not be rechallenged for at least 30 days.  Also, to
start an official mutiny, the mutinying member must FIRST get approval from
the clans Watcher.  This applies to ALL clans and should be a mutinies very
first step.  Without that, there can be no mutiny.  The Watcher will expect
there to be a good RP reason for there to be a mutiny and the player behind
the mutiny must be in good standing within the rules of DSL.  In other
words, if you are constantly in trouble with the game's staff, we don't want
you to lead a clan.

All players participating in the mutiny, as either the one calling for or
any player intending to cast a vote, must be ACTIVE and engaged in their
clan and must have at least 150 hours.  Any vote ending in a tie, where
votes are called for, is not sufficient enough to overturn leadership.


[ Bloodlust ]

Any ranked member of Bloodlust may call for new leadership.  The leader will
either fight or elect a champion of his/her calling to fight the challenger
for leadership.  The mutinying member may also elect a fighter to fight in
his/her place.  The winner of this duel will lead Bloodlust.  AGL rules
govern the duel.

[ Justice ]

Any of the four members of the Inner Circle may decide to call upon a new
Executer.  If this vote occurs, the current Executer steps down and the four
member council elect a new leader.  If no majority vote is reached on the
new Executer, there will be a clan wide vote with everyone ranked Sergeant
or higher being allowed a vote.  Only those nominated by members of the
inner cirlce may run for this position and there may be only one nominee per
member of the Inner Circle.

[ Shadow ]

The position of Dark Lord may be challenged is three of the five other
leader roles (Sect leaders and Chancellor), call for removal from power.
The leader and initial challenger will engage in the duel process.  Both may
choose to fight or select another active clan member to fight in their
stead.  The current leader will have first choice of supporter if they
choose for another to fight and will determine if fights will be one on one,
two on two, etc.  As long as both sides are equal.  All fights will follow
the AGL rules.

[ Black Robes ]

The challenger must at least be the rank of mage to challenge the current
Wizard.  Leadership is then decided by a one on one duel in the arena and
will follow AGL rules.  The Arbiter will be present and to ensure fairness.
Any leadership challenge, regardless of whether a new Wizard is voted in or
the incumbent Wizard remains, a vote between all three Wizards will commence
for the title of Master of the Conclave.

[ Red Robes ]

Any mage ranked mage or higher may challenge for leadership.  Leadership is
granted by popular votes.  Only mages ranked mage or higher may vote.  Any
leadership challenge, regardless of whether a new Wizard is voted in or the
incumbent Wizard remains, a vote between all three Wizards will commence for
the title of Master of the Conclave.

[ White Robes ]

Any mage ranked mage or higher may challenge for leadership.  Leadership is
granted by popular votes.  Only mages ranked mage or higher may vote.  Any
leadership challenge, regardless of whether a new Wizard is voted in or the
incumbent Wizard remains, a vote between all three Wizards will commence for
the title of Master of the Conclave.

[ Shalonesti ]

Anyone who is not nameless may call a vote to be the Senator of their house.
All members of that house may vote.  A Senator may call a vote for a new
speaker, but the new speaker MUST be of the Shalonost house.  Popular vote
in senate can replace the speaker.  All Senators and Speakers MUST be
Shalonesti Elves.

[ Knighthood ]

To initiate a mutiny, any soldier ranked Captain or higher, may call for a
vote of no-confidence.  If both the General of the Shield or the Lance does
not agree with the call, then no vote will be taken.  If either agree with
the call for no-confidence, then a vote will take place and any soldier
ranked Knight or higher can elect to cast their vote.  Following the vote, a
separate vote will commence for a the title of Crown Knight to lead.

[ Wargar ]

Any member ranked Clansmen or above may call a mutiny for Thane.  The
Warcouncil votes on the mutiny, majority decision wins.  To mutiny a Lord
(or Lady), the Thane must approve the mutiny and then any member of the clan
of the same race of the Lord being mutinied gets to vote.  Majority vote
wins.

[ Slayers ]

And active Slayer ranked Dragoon or higher, may request a mutiny from their
Watcher and call for a vote.  If approved, leadership will go to the winner
of a popular clan wide vote.


NOTE: All leadership changes and mutinies must have Admin knowledge and
participation.  No one may be renegaded, exiled, promoted or demoted in time
of mutinies.  Leaders can pass leadership to another qualified person at any
time (through admin review) unless a mutiny is in effect.

SEE ALSO: KMUTINY (KINGDOM MUTINY)


Updated 10.09.2023
