nobility
NOBILITY

Nobility is granted upon the following conditions:

1.  King/Queen can request nobility for someone who has been exemplary for
their kingdom through GREAT feats - IE: Risked their life for King/Queen, etc.
This would not be granted for normal task work or activity but typically from
quests, etc and would include considerable documented role played.  This has
to be approved by the admin in charge of nobilities.

2.  If you are a kleader this will be automatically granted.  Sorry clan
leaders are not, as you are not as greatly known as that of a king or queen.

3.  Submission in to the admin in charge of nobilities, meeting the
following criteria.

       - 5 family members (none of which are played by the same person
       - background story of the family, family connections
       - family members must be blood related, cannot be 2nd cousin 4 times removed or adopted
       - family patriarch/matriarch must be listed, they control the family
       - approval is required and can be denied by the admin in charge

4. Same rules as above apply when adding nobility onto an existing family.

Please send new nobility requests to Cayenna.dsl@gmail.com


How to add nobility to an existing noble family:

The designated Head of House for the noble family needs to send a note to
Imm Admin requesting that a player be added to the noble family.  The note
should include:

     1.  Name of the player to add to the noble family
     2.  Blood relationship status to the Head of House

For those members that are not an immediate connection to the Head of House
(ie.  Son/daughter) then please provide the established family line of connection
(ie.  Cousin Itt, who is the son of Hairy who is Head of House Juju's brother)
Juju's brother)

Only the current designated Head of House can add family members to the
family.

Passing Head of House to another:

All Matriarch/Patriarch's need some vacation time from family and while most
will hand the reigns over to another member of the family, sometimes this
does not happen.

To hand over the reigns -

Send a note to Imm Admin All (or all known family members) stating the
change in Head of House with your noble family.  Done.  The new player must
already have been granted nobility and be established.  If other family
members do not approve of the change, well...  Welcome to family drama!

Due to inactivity -

If the Head of House has not logged in for a considerable amount of time
(year or more), then any current member of the house can challenge for
position.  Player's should check with the Admin in charge of nobility prior
to taking any action.

If provided permission to move forward, the player should send a note to All
and Admin stating their position and intent to challenge for Head of House.
This is active for one week.  During that time, if there are any family
members that either approve or challenge the petition, this is the time for
them to voice their opinions.  Again, this should go to All and Admin.  At
the end of the week, a decision will be rendered.  Please plan to follow up
with Admin/Cayenna to make sure that the decision is noted appropriately for
official recordkeeping.

Current Nobility Head of House can be found on the forums at:

http://www.dsl-mud.org/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=97167&title=nobility-and-head-of-house


Updated 08.09.2022
