PRIEST
PRIESTS

Priests serve the Gods and Goddesses like no other profession in Algoron.
They devote their lives to service.  Teaching the holy (or unholy) gospel of
their God is of the utmost importance, and sharing their gospelled tenets
and converting others to their faith is the priority in life.  Within each
pantheoned sphere, each God or Goddess has their own church and within each,
there is organized rank.  As priests are active throughout Algoron and work
within their congregations to strengthen the ties of faith, either in the
church or outside of it, they can earn promotional rank and with rank,
priests gain power.  All priests start with the rank of Novitiate.

Seasoned priests of rank who actively promote their faith and offer their
prayers to their God or Goddess may be imparted additional wisdom as they
truly evolve as a conduit to their God.  Through divine clarity, three
unique spells are added to the prayer books though only one may be brought
into focus at any time and with a sizable monetary tithe of eggs, the priest
may guide their focus to one of the other two specialized prayers.  Each one
while unique in its divine magic, also requires a reagent to find success in
casting the spells.

PLEASE NOTE:

    - This is a highly intensive role playing class.

    - Progression through ranks is a self-driven process.  The Gods favor
      those who are creative, impactful and dedicated.

    - The use of divine prayer (gpray) allows a priest to convey their roleplay
      efforts, thoughts and plans to their patron God.  Do this often.

    - Each rank is earned through activity and role play and it is
      recommended that each priest have an outside platform, such as a
      webpage, google doc, forum thread, etc. where you can capture your
      respective interactive logs.

    - Earlier ranks are far easier to achieve than latter ones and the Immortal
      discusses promotional opportunity on a regular basis.



The different ranks and associated prayer books are outlined below.

Prayer - Needed to cast any prayer book.  Different then the pray channel.
    Syntax:  Prayer

Novitiate: Can not pass this rank until you hit level 51
    Holy Flames
    Mend Wounds
    Nourishment
    Cure Deafness
    Enhanced Recovery
    Bind Soul
    Dispel Curse

Deacon:
    Holy Presence

Priest:
    Endurance
    Anoint thy Foe - Reagent
