RELIGION
RELIGION The Religions of Algoron

Religion is a very major part in the world of Algoron.  Most conflicts,
wars, holidays and major events are caused by religion.  Very few citizens
of the world have not selected a God or Goddess to worship.  The Gods of
Algoron are very real and have proven their existence time and time again,
although it is a rare sighting indeed when a God is seen walking the plane
of mortals.

If a God or Goddess travels to Algoron, they find themselves mortal and in
danger of suffering permanent death, thus they make their corporeal trips
rare and for good reason.  Normally, if a God wishes to communicate with a
mortal they will do so by simply entering the mortals mind and speaking to
them telepathically.  It's this reason that many manatonics have become so
mistrusted in the world.  Manatonics are able to communicate telepathically
and some have historically pretended to be Gods in order to achieve their
goals.  It is not known why or how manatonics have come to exist, but that
one becomes one at birth or becomes one by beheading an existing one.

The Gods of Algoron are not perfect and are subject the same fits of
jealousy, rage, envy, humor and love that every mortal is.  Most Gods are
petty and would rather slay a mortal speaking against them than to allow it
to continue.  Cursing the Gods in Algoron is something most bold mortals
have learned to not do.  Tempting fate in such a way is an extremely risky
practice.  The Gods of Algoron do see not "hear all, see all" and they
certainly do not have the time, care or patience for every single one of a
mortals problems.  Those mortals whom demand more of a Gods time then the
God is willing to grant them often finds themselves shunned for their
arrogance.

The Gods are also to blame for the Giants that walk the world of men.
Giants are believed to be the distant offspring of a children who were
parented by the Gods themselves, although many Gods have made it clear that
while that is true, many Giants are born due to their ancestors simply
coming into contact with a Gods blood.  A Cloud, Fire or Frost giant can be
born hundreds of generations after contact was made with a God or Goddess.
Giants are blessed with unlimited mana but cursed with permanent death at
the first sign of serious injury.

All Gods have their personal servants that they created for the sole purpose
of serving them.  The Gods of Good have Angels, lead by a single Arch Angel.
The Gods of Neutrality have the Balanx, led by a single Head Balanx.  The
Gods of Evil have demons, led by a single Demon Lord.  While these servants
do carry messages from their lords, their purpose is not to preach to
mortals but to carry out the will of the Gods themselves, usually in very
dangerous and suicidal missions.

All Religions have priests which serve the will of the Gods and spread the
word on why all mortals should convert to their God or Goddess.  These
priests enter a structured church organization of their religion and then
gain power as they gain rank.  A single priest is eventually given the rank
of "High Priest" and is given the responsibility of leading the entire
religions movement.  However, Gods are fickle and promotions are not
permanent by any means.
