SPELLCRAFTING

Spellcrafting is a top tier craft like weaponcrafting and armorcrafting
though this craft is not supported by the lower tiers.  There are a set of
shops where all items needed for this craft can be purchased.  Spellcrafting
differs from the other third tied crafts in that you don't actually produce
an item that can be used on its own. Spellcrafters add affects to items,
like armor and weapons that have been crafted by other players.

Spellcrafters take raw, uncut gemstones in which to work their craft,
creating trinkets much like the other crafts to increase their skill levels.
Once they have mastered working with one material and can create polished
gems from the uncut rocks, they can fuse an essence to it to give a desired
effect.  There are some essences that require a crafter to be at a
certain skill level before they can create that effect as with saves,
a crafter must reach legendary status and be able to create diamond gems
before they can add this effect to an item.

Once a crafter has added an essence to a gem, it is ready to be imbued
or fused into another crafted item. Once gems and essences have been fused
into an that crafted item, the finished gems are very difficult to remove.
Additionally, once a spellcrafted begins working on an item, no other
spellcrafter will be able to add to it nor can one spellcrafter use another
spellcrafters created gems.

There are eight types of gemstones that a spellcrafter can work with-
Obsidian, Moon, Opal, Amethyst, Emerald, Sapphire, Ruby and Diamond.

All crafted weapons and armor are able to hold gems within them to give the
wearer different effects. All crafted equipment has a certain number of
points and slots available for gems to be imbued. Once the slots of an item
have been filled it can no longer be modified by spellcrafters. All gems
take up one slots with the exception of gems of magi which take up two
slots.

Additionally, crafted items will sometimes be able to endure more points
that the limit allowed though with one side affect.  The process weakens the
item and it will from that point on require its owners life force to exist.

        Step 1- Craft Gem Trinket to Raise Skill Levels

                Syntax: craft <skill> <gemname> gemstone
                Example: craft spellcraft 'amethyst gemstone'

        Step 2- Craft Gem with Essense - Once Skill Level is Achieved

                Syntax: craft <skill> <gemname> gem <essence>
                Example: craft spellcraft 'amethyst gem pain'

        Step 3- Imbue Essense into Crafted Item - Need Items in Inventory

                Syntax: imbue <essence> <crafted item>
                Example: imbue pain gossamer

                To check the status of the item
                Syntax:  imbue status <crafted item>


SEE ALSO:
CRAFT CRAFTING CRAFTLIST GEMS ESSENCES OVERCHARGE
