  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

        Common Status Affects

    As previously mentioned, typing affects will bring up a list of
      active spells on your character. Here's a brief list of a few of
      the most common spells in the game. Spells can be cast by players,
      or you can type quaff (potion) if you have a potion with spell
      affects in them.

    Random - Very slight variations to your stats. Sometimes you might
      feel more energetic, sometimes you may have a dumb moment. This
      affect rarely has any significant impact.
    Sanctuary - A protective spell that halves all damage taken.
    Haste - An enhancement spell that increases speed. It makes backstabs
      do double attacks, and also makes characters attack more often. It
      boosts the DEX stat, but stats can never go over their maximum
      limit.
    Giant Strength - An enhancement spell that boosts strength. This is a
      good spell if your STR is below the maximum.
    Detect Hidden - Detection spell that allows you to see people who are
      sneaking.
    Detect Invis - Detection spell that allows you to see invisible
      people.
    Invisible - Makes you undetectable by some MOBs and players who do not
      have the detection spell active.
    Bless - A benediction that improves your spell resistence and improves
      accuracy.
    Sneak - A skill that randomly hides you and also makes it so that
      people do not see you enter or leave rooms.
    Berserk - A skill that increases your hitting accuracy and physical
      damage. It also regenerates a bit of health when used.
    Frenzy - Benediction spell that mimics the affects of Berserk, but
      not as potent as the real thing.
    Blind, Plague, Poison, Weaken, Slow - Maladictions that hinder your
      character. Most can be cancelled with the cancellation spell or
      cleanse skill, but some need to be removed by a cleric. The healer
      of Althainia is north of recall.

        Type HELP NEWBIE to return to the table of contents.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
