supervoucher
SUPERVOUCHERS

Supervouchers are things clans can use to guild someone that normally would
not fit into the mold.  Namely a race that is not allowed in their otherwise
race restricted clan or a CSR from another clan.

These are extremely limited and costly if they wish to purchase them (1000
eggs), BUT regardless of that, EXTENSIVE LONG TERM ROLEPLAY HAS TO BE
DEMONSTRATED.   What this means is...  Notes, storynotes, rp situations, all
back and forth between both parties, as well as your watcher and all Imms.
Admin will need to know about your intent prior to the start of any Rp,
otherwise you will be rejected.

Note that just because you do the extensive rp and such, you can still be
denied use of the supervoucher if the imms do not deem that it should
happen.  That is to the discretion of the Implementor.

Also evil people will NEVER be allowed to be supered into a good aligned
clan.  All CSR's are allowed to be supered to other clans, BUT be prepared
for IC consequences.

Recommendations:

Send a note to Admin, Imm and Clan Leader of your intent to try to super
into the clan.  You will receive a note back from Admin that your intent is
recognized.  This is not approval for the super, only approval to start the
process of trying to work toward the super.  You will also need formal
approval from current clan leadership in order to start this process.
Please make sure this note is sent to Imm Admin Scorn and if at any point in
time leadership changes hands, you will need to re-seek approval for the
supervoucher from the new leader, which they can choose to accept or retract
permission.

Determine a platform (IE.  Google Docs, etc.)  You will use to track and
share information.  It is 100% on the player working toward the supervoucher
to gather, track and submit any and all information to Admin and Scorn for
approval throughout the process.  How often you submit information to
Admin/Scorn is up to you but weekly, bi-weekly or monthly would be
recommended, depending on volume.  Information can be sent in PDF, a common
doc application or providing a link to a shared google site, etc.  And
should be sent to email for all active Admin and Scorn with the Player Name,
Clan Name and Supervoucher noted in the subject line.  It is up to the
player to determine how they want to present their content as long as
Admin/Scorn can open and/or review it when it is sent.

Roleplay logs, notes, storynotes or anything that supports your in character
RP direction, by you or others, should be included in your documentation.
Any roleplay that happened PRIOR to your indication to supervoucher, while
very relevant in establishing your character's backstory and history, will
not be used to measure the success of your supervoucher attempt.  In
addition, anything that happens in game by way of note, storynote, etc.
Should be in full transparency the parties involved, including Imm, Admin
and Scorn.  You should also include the initial note from Admin that marks
the date you started the process along with the leader(s) note of approval.
Supervouchers require extensive, long term RP.  To that end, THIS IS A FULLY
SELF-GUIDED PROCESS.  It is 100% on the player working on the supervoucher
to drive their own Rp, NOT the clan leader or any other person.   If other
people are working harder than you are, there is a good chance that you will
be denied entrance.

Imms will not support your efforts through any interaction, divine or
otherwise, unless a religious conversion is part of the Rp you seek to
achieve.  Like with any other conversion, you would need to pray and let the
Imm staff know of your intent to convert and be patient in the delivery of
any Rp surrounding that.

As a reminder, Imms are not tracking/recording your progress.  You are
tracking/recording your own progress and your own follow through.  Admin
will review your information as you submit it but this process can be months
(or longer) in length as each player has different time commitments,
dedication and RL situations that can delay.  Significant time delays and
gaps in RP - month or more, may impact your progress and situationally, may
require that you start over.  Again please note that just because you have
leadership approval and/or are doing extensive roleplay, does not mean that
your rp actions cannot have an adverse impact on supervoucher success or
that other factors such as change in leadership, OOC, direction of the game,
or admin/implementor rulings cannot also nullify your attempt.

When you feel your roleplay efforts are ready for review, please reach out
to Admin for an assessment.

If you have questions to clarify the process, if emails were received, put
your finger on the pulse, etc.  Please reach out to Admin and we'll answer
what we can.  Good luck!


SEE ALSO: VOUCHER, CLANS

Updated 04.26.2022
