TEMPLE TEMPLES
TEMPLE TEMPLES

Temples are buildings a priest can purchase and own and may eventually
update with the proper priest rank and payment in eggs at the same location.
The information for each rank, cost and perk by rank is provided below.

When submitting your temple, please include the following:

Full Name of your Priest
Which God/Goddess you serve
Name of the Temple (this will appear when you type area)
Room Descriptions and Layout (if applicable)

Temple requests should be sent via email to cayenna.dsl@gmail.com


TEMPLE NAME - MINIMUM PRIEST RANK REQUIREMENT - COST IN EGGS - PERK(S)

Shrine       Deacon - 10 Eggs - 1 Object
Altar        Priest - 25 Eggs - 1 Room
Mission      Bishop - 50 Eggs - Regen Room, 3 Rooms
Temple       Cardinal - 100 Eggs - Regen Room, Healer, 5 Rooms
Church       Abbott - 200 Eggs - Regen Room, Healer, Stable, 10 Rooms
Monastery    Monsignor - 350 Eggs - Regen Room, Healer, Stable, Portal, 25 Rooms
Cathedral    High Priest - 500 Eggs - Regen Room, Healer, Stable, Portal, Private
             Office, Bell Tower with Ringing Bell, 25 Rooms

-Objects and new buildings must be located in a Kingdom territory and MUST
 be approved by the kingdom leader and the immortal staff.  Buildings and
 rooms are limited to one per type per Priest.

-Object cost for temples is 20 eggs each item (same cost as kingdom/clan)

-Extended Description costs are 5 Eggs per extended

-The location approved is final and temples may not be sold but may be
 passed down to someone of the appropriate rank for the same fee it took to
 build and upgrade it.

-Shrines are decoration only, but becomes a room when upgraded to an Altar.

-Regen can be upgraded at Kingdom Upgrade costs.

-Only people of the same faith will be able to enter Temples.

-Kingdoms may not demolish temples at this time.  (Future Kingdom Wars
 feature).

-There is a maximum of 3 mounts permitted with a stable.

-Pits, mobs, progs of any kind are not permitted.

-Giants are not permitted inside of the temples, other remorts are however.


COMPOUNDED COST - Does not include objects or extras

Shrine...............10 Eggs (Must be Deacon)
Altar................35 Eggs (Must be minimum Priest)
Mission..............85 Eggs (Must be minimum Bishop)
Temple..............185 Eggs (Must be minimum Cardinal)
Church..............385 Eggs (Must be minimum Abbott)
Monestary...........735 Eggs (Must be minimum Monsignor)
Cathedral..........1235 Eggs (Must be minimum High Priest)


SEE ALSO:  PRICES, UPGRADES, HOUSING, RELIGION, GODS, PRIEST, CHURCHES
