THAXANOS
THAXANOS

Thaxanos is the Dwarven city under the mountain.  Thaxanos is known for being
the most secure kingdom in the world as its inner Mountainous home provides
great shelter.  Thaxanos is also known for its liquor and craftmanship of
its weapons and buildings.  Thaxanos has 6 major clans, each with a Thane as
their leader.  The King of Thaxanos typically serves a life long term but can
enjoy a mentorship role in retirement.  Upon one's death or retirement, the
Thane's vote in a new King.

Clans of Thaxanos

Wargar - The Wargar clan is a militant clan with a severe hatred for the
elves of the world.  Wargar has on many occasions been the strong arm
militarily for Thaxanos.

When Thaxanos closed its doors to the world, Wargar chose not to cooperate,
and to continue their war with the elves.  Their disobediance to Thaxanos
cost them the chance to ever lead Thaxanos with a King.

Xaprar - The Xaprar clan are the mountain dwarves.  They are the oldest and
most noble of clans.  Throughout history, the Xaprar have dominated the
position of King.

Xoxx - The Xoxx clan are the hill dwarves.  Noble and ancient, yet they have
held no where near the power of the Xaprar clan.  Xoxx dwarves are proud and
loyal to Thaxanos, but at times express severe anger at the mountain
dwarves.

Kexrar - The Kexrar are the dark dwarves of Thaxanos.  They lived many
centuries under the mountain showing themselves only during times of revolt.
The Kexrar are loyal to Thaxanos when its time to war other races, but will
never miss a chance to try to gain power within Thaxanos.

Baewar - The Baewar are a clan of rash, crazed Dwarves.  They are extremely
loyal to Thaxanos.  Their eagerness to fight and protect Thaxanos is so
great, they are often times comical.  No other clan seems to love being
Dwarves more than the baewar.

Nuexpar - The Nuexpar are a clan of wealthy mining dwarves.  Early in
Thaxanos history, this group of dwarves were left ownership of what was
believed to be the poorest parts of the mountain.  Within months, they found
gold and many other types of diamonds and minerals.  They instantly became
rich, and also became the envy of the other clans.  To this day, many other
clans are very jealous of the Nuexpar.

Vampires are not allowed in Wargar or Thaxanos at this time.
