HOUSE HOUSING LAIRS
HOUSING AND LAIRS

The following information is needed for housing and lair construction:

House and Lair Locations:

Housing:

Go to the housing district of the city you want the house in, and go choose
an ADDRESS for the house to be placed.  At that address, choose the
direction in which you want your house to be located.  If that lot happens
to be taken, another spot nearby will be chosen.  Also be aware that race
restrictions in kingdoms also apply to the kingdom's housing area.

Lairs can be built in most locations but MUST be outside of a kingdom's
city limits.  At the entrance location, choose the direction you want
the lair opening to be.  If that is not a viable entrance, another
location nearby will be selected.

House and Lair Descriptions:

This should include a room name, a room description, doors to include
direction into the new room/area and if the door is open or closed as
well as any extra owners you wish to share the house with (please include a
detailed description of how the extra owners are related to your character.
They cannot be the alt of your character as that is considered multiplay.

In addition, you cannot be the primary owner of more than one house at a
time.  If you marry another primary house owner, you will need to select
which of the two houses you are both listed on, if that is your preference.

For lairs, remorts can list their alterforms as an owner and no more than
two (2) warders.  No other relationships, to the remort OR alterform, will
be allowed as additional owners to the lair.

Please note that houses cannot be moved to another kingdom location without
doing a full re-build and providing full payment for the new house build.

NOTE:  A map laying our your build is preferred for clarity.

Object Information:

You should include the same information that you include when purchasing a
restring.  "Keyword" is the words you want to use in order to use your item.
"Long Description" is what will show up in the room, when the object is on
the floor.  "Short Description" is what you see when you interact with the
object, such as "You sit on a couch" (a couch is the short description).

Extended descriptions on objects are available at additional costs.

Stock Objects ("Private Homes" only):

For five (5) egg, you can have any of our stock housing items in the purchase
of your house.  These items CANNOT be altered, they come as they are.  If
you wish your own specially tailored item for which a new object must be
created, the cost will still be ten (10) eggs.  Our stock items for housing
as of now include: a chair, a fountain, a couch, and a bed.

Stock items for lairs include a chair, a fountain and a bed.

PLEASE NOTE: You cannot have objects that are containers or objects that can
be removed from your house.  Also, the housing imm(s) reserve the right to
modify an item in order to fit in with DSL's standards of appropriateness.
Additionally, no mobs, shopekeepers, or portals will be allowed inside
homes.

After you have submitted this information, a housing imm will contact you to
tell you how much the house will cost you.  Once you have received a note
stating the amount of eggs you owe, pay the first Immortal of Senior rank or
higher that is available to do so.  Housing will not begin until payment is
made in full.  When you pay the immortal, be sure that they write a note to
you and the current housing imm with the amount of eggs in the subject line.

As soon as your house has been built, you should receive an email that
states that the house has been completed.  This does not mean that the
house is immediately available.  It will not be accessable until a special
area port has been run, which will bring new houses, lairs, etc. online.

 * The current Housing and Lair Imm is Cayenna.

 * Housing/Lair requests should be submitted via email to Cayenna.dsl@gmail.com

 * Subject line needs to include the following:

          - DSL HOUSING or DSL LAIR
          - NAME of the Character/Remort purchasing the home or lair.

After submitting the email, send a note to the appropriate Imm to inform
them that your request has been sent.  Further instructions from the
Housing Imm(s) will follow.  (If you do not have access to email, you can
contact Cayenna through notes instead).

Please note, preferred method of contact for housing/lairs is by email to:

Cayenna.dsl@gmail.com

PLEASE DO NOT PAY ANY IMM FOR YOUR BUILD UNLESS A NOTE HAS BEEN LEFT IN
GAME BY THE BUILDING IMM TO YOUR CHARACTER.

SEE ALSO:  PRIVATE HOME, PRICES, UPGRADES
