underworld
UNDERWORLD

The Underworld is a massive CLANNER only section of the game.  This area is
a construct of Fatale designed to twist reality into the worst nightmare of
each clan that enters it.

There is a portal in HELL that will take you to docks where you must sail
one of two ships to a any dock located in the underworld channel.  These
ships are named Agility and Triumph.  They have skeleton crews who are
damned to serve in this twisted hell for eternity.  Thier job is to return
thier ship to the docks after 12 hours.

There are only two ways out of The Underworld.  There is a merchant in the
center of a large island.  Above that merchant is the only recall room, that
is the preferable way out.  The other is to die.

You will find out that you need a group of clan mates to be successful here.
The more diverse, the better.

There are a set of main docks on the North side of the island.  At those
docks are another pair of ships.  These are named Swift and Cutter.  They
have no crews and can be used at length for whatever you choose.

Extending out from the recall room every clan has a specific area where they
can attack mobs and try to farm SEALS off of them.  The SEALS drop at a
random rate.  You can use the SEALS to turn in at the SEAL merchant to get
some special gear.  The mobs have been specially developed so that will you
most likely be forced to use different strategies for each type of mob.  If
you want the seals for your clan to drop at a better rate, you need to
conquer one of the 4 new keeps in the area.  Each keep will raise the rate
of which the seals drop for your clan.

Once one of the keeps has been taken the outer doors are locked and there is
no way in.  The only way to gain access to a keep that has been taken is to
clear the owner.  To clear the keep owners you must travel across an
underground ocean and find your way to a giant spider.  Once the spider has
been killed his hold on the keeps will be released and they can once again
be conquerd.  The spider has a chance to drop a lot of seals when it is
killed.

Ghostly pirates roam the ocean, it is likely you will be attacked.  If you
choose to make this journey you should be well prepared for ship combat.  If
you do manage to kill the keep spider you will have to make the return trip
across the ocean.

The where command works for the entire area, so it should provide for some
nice hunting for clanners.  Remorts are forbidden to enter the entire area.
Alter formed dragons will die instantly (costing them vitality) if they
revert inside of the area.

ILLEGAL:

- It is ILLEGAL to undock people's ships on them.  If you are using the ship
for yourself then it is fine to do so in order to get to where you wanted.
BUT it is not legal to undock the ship on other people to prevent them from
getting around.

- It is ILLEGAL for you to go reset the keeps with one character and then go
in there with your alt to acquire seals/gear.  If you wait a few hours in
between, then fine.  But within 60 minutes, it will be called foul and you
will be busted for MP'ing.

This applies to gathering gear with your alt, passing it to a buddy to then
turn around and sell it or give it to your alt.  This is ILLEGAL.  Yes we
will find out about it.  Yes you will be busted for it.  Yes you will be
denied for it.  This includes seals.  Don't do it.

- It is illegal to abandon the ship without it being docked for the purpose
of keeping other people off the ship.  Especially if you are using
swashbucklers, etc.  to get around the boarding aspect of the ship in order
to keep it all for yourself/your clan.  Be courteous, don't do that or you
will find yourself in a long timeout.
