VAMPIRES
Vampires are demons inside of a corpse, however they do retain the
memories of the soulless corpse that they host.  They have no heartbeats or
body temperature and they do not breathe.  They are therefore unseen in dark
rooms by dark vision and infravision.  They are immune to strangle type
attacks and gasses and will not drown in the ocean or underwater.  Since the
body in which the demon lives is dead, vampires do not ever age once they
are created.  They have a vampire face and a mortal face.  The vampire face
is a more distinctive evil face that is a mixture of the demon and the
mortal corpse.  They fight better in vampire face but if you allow the demon
inside to control you for too long you wont be able to revert back to your
mortal face.  ALL vampires are evil.  Their vulnerability to sunlight means
they are restricted to indoor/underground locations in the daytime.

Death
Ways to perm die.
1.Die to sunlight
2.Get beheaded
3.Die to the slayer
4.Die to a master vampire

Vamp Face
To toggle between your normal face and your vamp face use the "demonguise" command.

Your vamp face can be forced out in 4 ways.
1.Casting the turn undead spell on you. (pk)
2.Casting the detect undead spell on you. (pk)
3.Exposure to sunlight.
4.Bloodlust

Feeding
A vampire must feed approximately every 24 in game hours.  If they do not feed in
that time period their blood % will dwindle to 0 and they will go into bloodlust.
Once in bloodlust the demon takes over.  You will switch to vampire face and be
unable to switch back until you feed.  While in bloodlust you will bite the first
warm blooded thing you come across (except kingdomers).  Extreme prolonged
bloodlust will kill the demon and therefore you as well.  You must be in vampire
face to feed. Use the feed command to feed and to stop feeding.

Feed <victim>

To feed you must have one of the following:
1.An invitation (anyone)
2.A charmed victim (pk/mob)
3.A sleeping victim (pk/mob)

Feeding on someone will obviously weaken them.  The more you feed the weaker they will become.

Sense
As a vampire you can sense other vampires in the room even if they cannot be seen.  You can
also sense the slayer.  And the slayer can sense all vampires.

PK
There are no pk restrictions for vampires and slayers.  As a vampire if you sense the slayer
you will probably want to leave the area as quickly and stealthy as possible.

Skills
Vampire skills require blood points much like spells require mana.  A vampire starts with a
pool of 100 blood points and that is as large as the pool gets.  As you use various skills
the pool will be depleted.  The blood point pool will regenerate slowly on its own.  There
one thing that will help in replenishing this pool faster.  You will have to discover that
on your own.
1.Soul sight (2 blood points):
Aura detection, item identification (examine), detect hidden, and detect invisible all in one.
2.Unseen Presence (3 blood points per tick):
Allows a vampire to move unseen.  Combat as well as few other things will allow the vampire to
be discovered.  The slayer and other vampires can still sense your presence while using this skill
3.Mesmerize (5 blood points):
Similar to Soul Whisper.  This skill works when you are in the same room with the victim and
will work night or day.  This will give a lesser beings mind a notion to do whatever the vampire
wishes.
4.Soul Whisper (8 blood points):
Forces visions or nightmares of the vampires will on a lesser being.  This only works at night
and will stop at sunrise.
5.Blood Shield (10 blood points):
This summons some protection from all the lesser beings that you have fed from.  The amount
of protection a vampire can summon increases with age.  The blood point cost of the skill
also diminishes over time.
6.Blood Boil (20 blood points):
A vampires connection with blood allows them to use this attack to weaken their foes.  As a
vampire ages their abilities to boil a victims blood increase as well.

Maximum benefits for Blood Boil and Blood Shield skills are achieved at 2000 vampire hours.

Misc
%b will show your blood % in the prompt
%p will show your blood points in the prompt
