wanted
The new Wanted System is in.  It's a lot to get used to for all of you
and us as well, but it's going to be a much better system overall.  Before I
explain the details, everyone should give a huge thanks to Curumo for all
his hard work on this.  (even though I am much smarter than he is) Also a
big thanks to Rhien for helping us trouble shoot random big problems we
came across.  He was patient and gave really good massages...  Err...
Nevermind about that.  Thank Vivienne, Joules, Kat, Belly, and Nazca for
spending 12 hours on 8k with me today getting things done.

First of all, forget everything you know about the old wanted system.

There are 4 ways to become Wanted now in a Kingdom.  1) Attack one of their
guards.  2) Attack another clanner in a Kingdom.  3) Their leader requests
imms set you wanted for whatever reason.  4) Being of an unwelcome clan or
race.  (kingdom leader decides) *Kingdom leaders can also make clans welcome
to PK in their city without getting a wanted.  Type <welcome (cityname)> to
see what's up with any given city before trying your luck.

Yes, Kingdomers can get wants.  No, people can not attack wanteds anymore
because they are wanted.  (See hostile comments later)

When you are wanted, you are ONLY wanted in the kingdom where you earned it,
unless you're in another kingdom that has an extradiction treaty with the
one you got wanted in.  Then they export you back there for trial.

Trial you say?  Yup.  When a guard catches you and you are wanted there,
they ask you to surrender under arrest.  If you say no, they attack you and
call the other guards to come help, and they come quick and pissed.  Better
run, you interrupted their donut time.  If you do surrender, you'll go to
jail for 5 ticks where your homies have that amount of time to come bust you
out by killing the prison warden.  If they don't succeed or if no one likes
you, you'll go to trial.

At trial you'll be read your charges and asked to enter a guilty or a not
guilty plea.  From there you'll be sentenced.  Several outcomes can come
about such as: A Fine.  Prison Time.  A Fine and Prison Time.  You can be
publically executed!  (it's fun, try it) Or if the judge likes you for some
reason, you may be let go.

After you serve your time or whatever, your wanted flag will be gone.
Hopefully you will have been reabilitated and learned the error of your ways
and maybe your peers will forgive you as well.  Remember not to lie about
doing time on your job applications.

Now, what if a clanner attacks another clanner OUTSIDE of city limits?  They
do not get a wanted, they get a 10 tick hostile flag.  The hostile flag
works like the old wanteds except they go away after 10 ticks.  During this
time, any clanners of any level can attack you.

This is a very large change and as you can imagine, the code and work done
is rather large.  Be sure to send Scorn any possible bugs so he can check
them before cursing out Curumo.

We will be adding several features to this, so thank you all for your
patience.

Other changes will be clan halls, recall points, wanted points, and more.
Stay tuned.
