WAR HYMN SONGS
WAR HYMN SONGS

Syntax: Sing <'Name of Song'>

While the bard's war hymns are known to all through gossip and rumor, what
each song does is not common knowledge.

Only bards and the one they trust know what each does, or those who are on
the unfortunate wrong end of the magical songs.

Song of War - With this song, the singer's melodious voice will inspire
those who are close to the singer so they can find their own strength and
in doing so, will find themselves able to strike harder and more accurately
than before.

No Eyes - A strong and powerful song that has the ability to blind the
bard's opponent for which there is no cure for a short duration of time.

The Piercing Winds - Another powerful song that when sung, will summon
savage winds and slash at all foes within the area.  It can also provoke
people that are hidden within the room into action.

Weakness Within - When this song is sung, it can make the singer's
target weary and tired, weakening their strength in battle.

We Come, We Come - The strong tempo of this song will enrage the
group and allow them to strike harder and with more accuracy against the
enemy, however, as their focus is clouded by their aggressive actions in
battle it leaves their defenses more vulnerable while under this songs
influence.

Lullaby - A soft and gentle melody that enables the singer to put
someone temporarily in a deep sleep.

Release Me - An interesting bard song that can distract the target
enough so that as they listen to the tune, they may actually drop their
weapon upon the ground.

Song of Charm - An enchanting tune that can be sung to allow the bard
to potentially place their target temporarily under his or her control.

Nightmare - A melancholy tune with unnerving undertones, this song
can strike fear into the hearts of their foe, causing them to run away.

Green Leaf - A song of haphazard wimsy that distracts the mind of the
target and able to cause amusing effects such as blurred vision and
hallucinations as well as the inability to pick up or wear items.

Screeching Banshee - A very loud and annoying song that can cause
severe, though temporary deafness  in all who listen to it.


SEE ALSO: BARD, BARDSONG, BREWMASTER, CHARLATAN, JONGLEUR, SKALD

