WU JEN WUJEN
WU JEN WuJen

Hailing from the eastern continent of Shokono, the Wu Jen are an oddity
among mages.  Rather than deriving their power solely from the moons, the
eastern sorcerers have derived their power through means not fully
understood to outsiders.  Some claim that their magics stem through
contracts with nature spirits, while others believe that it is through
harmony with nature and Algoron itself that gives these practitioners the
ability to harness the elements to smite their enemies.  Whatever the case,
their power is one to be reckoned with.

Each Wu Jen may choose to specialize in two of the classical Five Elements
of Shokonese lore: EARTH, FIRE, WATER, WIND, METAL.  Due to this unique
trait, it is rare to see two Wu Jen of identical disciplines, as each
complements the others in different ways.  They select the two elements of
their craft at reclass.  Because of the obscure nature of their magecraft,
they do not receive magical benefits from the moons.

Flaming Soul:

Held up as a forbidden technique among the Wu Jen, it is believed that at
the core of every being is an untapped source of power that is rarely called
upon.  The potential of such a thing carries the potential for greatness,
but also carries the risk of certain death.  A practiced Wu Jen may channel
that power for a short time, becoming immune to all damage for the duration.
However, this comes at a price.  If the Wu Jen is not slain outright by the
attempt to cast this spell, they will surely be at death's door when it
expires.  All Wu Jen have the ability to cast this, should they choose.


DISCIPLINES:

Element of Fire:

The fire discipline of the Wu Jen is as tumultuous and chaotic as a
wildfire, dangerous when controlled, but capable of breaking loose and
wreaking havoc when unattended.

Ignite - The Wu Jen conjures an overpowering heat to wash over their enemy.
If they fail a save, they will begin stripping off their armor and throwing
it on the ground in an attempt to escape the infernal warmth.

Flame Wall - The Wu Jen conjures a wall of flame in the room, blinding all
enemies who witness its creation for a time.  The flame wall lingers in the
room for awhile after, and the smoke from the burning barrier can
occasionally cause spellcasters to choke and fail the spells they are
casting.

Searing Winds - Much like the chaotic and wild chain lightning spell,
searing winds is a multi-target spell that bounces between targets, dealing
fire damage to each.  If there are not enough targets for its use, however,
the winds will rebound upon the caster and hurt them as well.


Element of Earth:

Unyielding as stone and treacherous as quicksand, the earth discipline of
the Wu Jen offer many opportunities and powers in return for dedication to
the art.

Summon Monster - The Wu Jen calls forth either a Rock or a Mud monster,
which will do their bidding until destroyed.  The rock monster is made for
attacking, and will collapse when destroyed to deal damage to its killer.
The mud monster is a defensive creature, made to absorb a great deal of
punishment before it is vanquished.

Stalagmite - The Wu Jen hurls a spike of rock into their enemy, dealing
damage and having a chance to knock them off-balance, stunning them.

Chasm - The Wu Jen splits open the earth and uses the altered terrain to
their advantage, attempting to force enemy groups to break and scatter so as
to not fall into the abyss.


Element of Water:

The water Wu Jen discipline carries the rage of storms and the crushing
weight of the ocean, relentless and powerful.

Wave - The Wu Jen conjures a wave of water that carries them out of the
room, continuing for up to two rooms in a direction of their choosing.

Monsoon - The Wu Jen summons a localized tempest that hammers rain down upon
their enemies, dealing damage to everyone that is not grouped with them.

Drown - The Wu Jen forces water into the lungs of their enemies, affected
everyone not currently grouped with them.  For a short time after, anyone
affected may panic at the sensation of drowning, failing any spells they are
casting or finding themselves unable to flee from combat.


Element of Wind:

Flighty and versatile, the wind Wu Jen discipline offers a measure of
control over their surroundings, stripping the advantage from their foes and
giving it to themselves.

Engulf Wind - Drawing a great deal of air into their bodies, a Wu Jen is
able to harness the power of wind to grow to a greater size, pushing
themselves to their limits.  While enlarged, they are more resistant to
being bashed and other forms of stunning.

Gust - Invoking a localized vortex, the Wu Jen casts a billowing wind that
kicks up a great deal of dust and debris.  This dust can blind anyone in the
room not grouped with the Wu Jen, and the powerful winds can knock them off
balance.

Suffocate - Drawing all of the room in the air into themselves, a Wu Jen can
create a temporary vacuum, stifling the breath of anyone not grouped with
them.  Affected foes begin to take damage similar to drowning underwater for
a short time, the amount of harm done proportional to their health.


Element of Metal:

The least conventional (to traditional thought) element, the metal Wu Jen's
practice of magic is unyielding and powerful, offering a great deal of
control over their surroundings.

Force Field - Utilizing their mastery over metal, the Wu Jen creates a field
that neutralizes melee attacks for a brief time, warding away blows
temporarily.

Metal Storm - Pulling shards of metal from their surroundings, the Wu Jen
creates a cloud of jagged metal that slice into their enemies, pelting
anyone not grouped with them with splinters that cut and damage them for a
short time after.

Control Metal - Demonstrating their mastery over the elements, the Wu Jen
focuses upon their enemy's weapons and shield, attempting to rip them from
unwilling hands and tossing them aside to gain the advantage.
